Earn some money for your mentors

Every group in the comunity will get 1000 dai (real money, real risk). 
You have to: 

  - ideate the strategy
  - document, analize, estimate risk and reward
  - iterate with mentors
  - unlock the money (middle project: explain your strategy to the comunity)
  - experiment for 85 days
  - at the end you have to return the loan and yield to our angel investor 
  - deliverables: technical document, thesis, results, slides for general public, oral presentation, answering random questions individually
  
  Advisors: Mariano (maker), Alejo (Flashbots), Pablo (Venten), Matías (Boske), (Di Tella), (UNLP), (Famous Pro Investor). 
  
  There is no rules... you can do anything you can imagine and implement. You can negociate with another group. 
  You can use your money to gamble, hire hackers, flash loans, create a product, go to jamaica and do nothing, write a paper, buy altcoins,
  day trading, swing trading, leverage, algo trading, lobby for changing the rules, start a revolution... this is DeFi, code is law.
  
  There is a score for originality, execution, team performance, presentation, and more important: the money you earn for our mentors
  
  Score A: disruptor badge, ticket for the next level, invitation to be an ambassador, Invited to start your journey to become a mentor
  Score B: Boske DeFi distinguished player - Invited to start your journey to become a mentor - apply for the next level
  Score C: Boske DeFi certificate of completion - Bring a few friends, help us with a few task and lets talk about next steps
  Score D: Game Over - Insert Coin (explain your unexpected results with dignity and become a junior mentor for next iteration of same level)
  
  Certificate for validated players with A, B and C score
  Boske Certified DeFi Analyst
  
  Validated skills: DeFi architecture, protocols, ecosystem, research. 
  Token Economics. Investment project. Use case analisys. Strategy implementation. 
  Communication and visualization. Team player, leadership, goals oriented, problem solving.
  Tech, math, finance, analytics gurú... 
  
